# Day 23.5
## Life 
Oof, I took a much bigger break than I had initially anticipated having to do with moving and the logistics thereof. Fully setting up everything we wanted in the new place took significantly more time than I had thought, and even now I find myself realizing that I don't have certain things, and running off to buy them. More than that I've also had to learn how to cook, a very botched process as I am very very hungry and I find that I have a certain standard of food, a standard that I did not meet for at least the first several days. I am now complacent with mostly pre-made/ extremely easy to cook foods such as sandwiches, pasta, and steak. Surviving is much harder then I had initially anticipated. Other than starving, it's taken a significant amount of time to finally get unpacked. Today marks the two week mark since I moved in and finally everything is unpacked and where it should be. 

## Project
Having a long hiatus gave me more than enough time to figure out the current problem and a work-around. The problem is that the depth buffer in the orthographic projection causes certain cubes to be rended on top of others in certain places in the animation. This is not the render-order that would result from raycasting in a pinhole camera setup, so the result is very disorienting. The workaround that I have devised is to store the active animation slice, and render everything slice by slice. This should be the least expensive way, though I have not figured out how exactlty to add the slices when rendering the outside faces of the cube. 